---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "waldur_marketplace_resource Resource - waldur"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Marketplace Resource resource
---

# waldur_marketplace_resource (Resource)

Marketplace Resource resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `downscaled` (Boolean) Downscaled
- `end_date` (String) The date is inclusive. Once reached, a resource will be scheduled for termination.
- `name` (String) Name of the resource
- `offering` (String) Offering
- `paused` (Boolean) Paused
- `plan` (String) Plan
- `slug` (String) URL-friendly identifier. Only editable by staff users.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `available_actions` (List of String) Available actions
- `backend_id` (String) ID of the backend
- `can_terminate` (Boolean) Can terminate
- `category_icon` (String) Category icon
- `category_title` (String) Category title
- `category_uuid` (String) UUID of the category
- `created` (String) Created
- `customer_slug` (String) Customer slug
- `description` (String) Description of the resource
- `effective_id` (String) ID of the effective
- `end_date_requested_by` (String) End date requested by
- `endpoints` (Attributes List) Endpoints (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `error_message` (String) Error message
- `error_traceback` (String) Error traceback
- `id` (String) Resource UUID (used as Terraform ID)
- `last_sync` (String) Last sync
- `modified` (String) Modified
- `offering_billable` (Boolean) Purchase and usage is invoiced.
- `offering_components` (Attributes List) Offering components (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--offering_components))
- `offering_description` (String) Offering description
- `offering_image` (String) Offering image
- `offering_name` (String) Name of the offering
- `offering_shared` (Boolean) Accessible to all customers.
- `offering_slug` (String) Offering slug
- `offering_state` (String) Offering state
- `offering_thumbnail` (String) Offering thumbnail
- `offering_type` (String) Offering type
- `offering_uuid` (String) UUID of the offering
- `parent_name` (String) Name of the parent
- `parent_offering_name` (String) Name of the parent offering
- `parent_offering_slug` (String) Parent offering slug
- `parent_offering_uuid` (String) UUID of the parent offering
- `parent_uuid` (String) UUID of the parent
- `plan_description` (String) Plan description
- `plan_name` (String) Name of the plan
- `plan_unit` (String) Plan unit
- `plan_uuid` (String) UUID of the plan
- `project_description` (String) Project description
- `project_end_date` (String) The date is inclusive. Once reached, all project resource will be scheduled for termination.
- `project_end_date_requested_by` (String) Project end date requested by
- `project_slug` (String) Project slug
- `provider_name` (String) Name of the provider
- `provider_slug` (String) Provider slug
- `provider_uuid` (String) UUID of the provider
- `report` (Attributes List) Report (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--report))
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type
- `resource_uuid` (String) UUID of the resource
- `restrict_member_access` (Boolean) Restrict member access
- `scope` (String) Scope
- `state` (String) State
- `url` (String) Url
- `user_requires_reconsent` (Boolean) Check if the current user needs to re-consent for this resource's offering.
- `username` (String) Username

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the resource
- `url` (String) URL of the access endpoint


<a id="nestedatt--offering_components"></a>
### Nested Schema for `offering_components`

Optional:

- `article_code` (String) Article code
- `billing_type` (String) Billing type
- `default_limit` (Number) Default limit
- `description` (String) Description of the resource
- `is_boolean` (Boolean) Is boolean
- `is_prepaid` (Boolean) Is prepaid
- `limit_amount` (Number) Limit amount
- `limit_period` (String) Limit period
- `max_available_limit` (Number) Max available limit
- `max_prepaid_duration` (Number) Max prepaid duration
- `max_value` (Number) Max value
- `measured_unit` (String) Unit of measurement, for example, GB.
- `min_prepaid_duration` (Number) Min prepaid duration
- `min_value` (Number) Min value
- `name` (String) Display name for the measured unit, for example, Floating IP.
- `overage_component` (String) Overage component
- `type` (String) Unique internal name of the measured unit, for example floating_ip.
- `unit_factor` (Number) The conversion factor from backend units to measured_unit

Read-Only:

- `factor` (Number) Factor
- `is_builtin` (Boolean) Is builtin


<a id="nestedatt--report"></a>
### Nested Schema for `report`

Optional:

- `body` (String) Section body content
- `header` (String) Section header text
