---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "waldur_marketplace_order Resource - waldur"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Marketplace Order resource
---

# waldur_marketplace_order (Resource)

Marketplace Order resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attributes` (Map of String) Order attributes
- `offering` (String) Offering
- `project` (String) Project

### Optional

- `accepting_terms_of_service` (Boolean) Accepting terms of service
- `attachment` (String) Attachment
- `backend_id` (String) ID of the backend
- `callback_url` (String) Callback url
- `plan` (String) Plan
- `request_comment` (String) Request comment
- `start_date` (String) Enables delayed processing of resource provisioning order.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `type` (String) Type

### Read-Only

- `activation_price` (Number) Activation price
- `can_terminate` (Boolean) Can terminate
- `category_icon` (String) Category icon
- `category_title` (String) Category title
- `category_uuid` (String) UUID of the category
- `completed_at` (String) Completed at
- `consumer_reviewed_at` (String) Consumer reviewed at
- `consumer_reviewed_by` (String) Required. 128 characters or fewer. Lowercase letters, numbers and @/./+/-/_ characters
- `consumer_reviewed_by_full_name` (String) Name of the consumer reviewed by full
- `consumer_reviewed_by_username` (String) Required. 128 characters or fewer. Lowercase letters, numbers and @/./+/-/_ characters
- `cost` (String) Cost
- `created` (String) Created
- `created_by_civil_number` (String) Created by civil number
- `created_by_full_name` (String) Name of the created by full
- `created_by_username` (String) Required. 128 characters or fewer. Lowercase letters, numbers and @/./+/-/_ characters
- `customer_slug` (String) Customer slug
- `error_message` (String) Error message
- `error_traceback` (String) Error traceback
- `fixed_price` (Number) Fixed price
- `id` (String) Resource UUID (used as Terraform ID)
- `modified` (String) Modified
- `new_cost_estimate` (String) New cost estimate
- `new_plan_name` (String) Name of the new plan
- `new_plan_uuid` (String) UUID of the new plan
- `offering_billable` (Boolean) Purchase and usage is invoiced.
- `offering_description` (String) Offering description
- `offering_image` (String) Offering image
- `offering_name` (String) Name of the offering
- `offering_shared` (Boolean) Accessible to all customers.
- `offering_thumbnail` (String) Offering thumbnail
- `offering_type` (String) Offering type
- `offering_uuid` (String) UUID of the offering
- `old_cost_estimate` (Number) Old cost estimate
- `old_plan_name` (String) Name of the old plan
- `old_plan_uuid` (String) UUID of the old plan
- `order_subtype` (String) Order subtype
- `output` (String) Output
- `plan_description` (String) Plan description
- `plan_name` (String) Name of the plan
- `plan_unit` (String) Plan unit
- `plan_uuid` (String) UUID of the plan
- `project_description` (String) Project description
- `project_slug` (String) Project slug
- `provider_name` (String) Name of the provider
- `provider_reviewed_at` (String) Provider reviewed at
- `provider_reviewed_by` (String) Required. 128 characters or fewer. Lowercase letters, numbers and @/./+/-/_ characters
- `provider_reviewed_by_full_name` (String) Name of the provider reviewed by full
- `provider_reviewed_by_username` (String) Required. 128 characters or fewer. Lowercase letters, numbers and @/./+/-/_ characters
- `provider_slug` (String) Provider slug
- `provider_uuid` (String) UUID of the provider
- `resource_name` (String) Name of the resource
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type
- `resource_uuid` (String) UUID of the resource
- `slug` (String) URL-friendly identifier. Only editable by staff users.
- `state` (String) State
- `termination_comment` (String) Termination comment
- `url` (String) Url

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
