---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "waldur_openstack_network Resource - waldur"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Openstack Network resource
---

# waldur_openstack_network (Resource)

Openstack Network resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Openstack Network
- `tenant` (String) Required path parameter for resource creation

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the Openstack Network
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `backend_id` (String) ID of the backend
- `created` (String) Created
- `customer` (String) Customer
- `error_message` (String) Error message
- `error_traceback` (String) Error traceback
- `id` (String) Openstack Network UUID (used as Terraform ID)
- `is_external` (Boolean) Defines whether this network is external (public) or internal (private)
- `marketplace_resource_uuid` (String) UUID of the marketplace resource
- `modified` (String) Modified
- `mtu` (Number) The maximum transmission unit (MTU) value to address fragmentation.
- `project` (String) Project
- `rbac_policies` (Attributes List) Rbac policies (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rbac_policies))
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type
- `segmentation_id` (Number) VLAN ID for VLAN networks or tunnel ID for VXLAN/GRE networks
- `state` (String) State
- `subnets` (Attributes List) Subnets (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subnets))
- `tenant_name` (String) Name of the tenant
- `tenant_uuid` (String) UUID of the tenant
- `type` (String) Network type, such as local, flat, vlan, vxlan, or gre
- `url` (String) Url

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--rbac_policies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rbac_policies`

Optional:

- `network` (String) Network
- `policy_type` (String) Type of access granted - either shared access or external network access
- `target_tenant` (String) Target tenant

Read-Only:

- `backend_id` (String) ID of the backend
- `created` (String) Created
- `network_name` (String) Name of the network
- `target_tenant_name` (String) Name of the target tenant
- `url` (String) Url
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the Openstack Network


<a id="nestedatt--subnets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subnets`

Optional:

- `cidr` (String) IPv4 network address in CIDR format (e.g. 192.168.0.0/24)
- `description` (String) Description of the Openstack Network
- `enable_dhcp` (Boolean) If True, DHCP service will be enabled on this subnet
- `gateway_ip` (String) IP address of the gateway for this subnet
- `ip_version` (Number) IP protocol version (4 or 6)
- `name` (String) Name of the Openstack Network

Read-Only:

- `allocation_pools` (Attributes List) Allocation pools (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--subnets--allocation_pools))
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the Openstack Network

<a id="nestedatt--subnets--allocation_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `subnets.allocation_pools`

Optional:

- `end` (String) An IPv4 or IPv6 address.
- `start` (String) An IPv4 or IPv6 address.
