---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "waldur_openstack_port Resource - waldur"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Openstack Port resource
---

# waldur_openstack_port (Resource)

Openstack Port resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Openstack Port

### Optional

- `allowed_address_pairs` (Attributes List) Allowed address pairs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allowed_address_pairs))
- `description` (String) Description of the Openstack Port
- `fixed_ips` (Attributes List) Fixed ips (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fixed_ips))
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address of the port
- `network` (String) Network to which this port belongs
- `port_security_enabled` (Boolean) If True, security groups and rules will be applied to this port
- `security_groups` (Attributes Set) Security groups (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_groups))
- `target_tenant` (String) Target tenant for shared network port creation. If not specified, defaults to network's tenant.
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `access_url` (String) Access url
- `admin_state_up` (Boolean) Administrative state of the port. If down, port does not forward packets
- `backend_id` (String) Port ID in OpenStack
- `created` (String) Created
- `device_id` (String) ID of device (instance, router etc) to which this port is connected
- `device_owner` (String) Entity that uses this port (e.g. network:router_interface)
- `error_message` (String) Error message
- `error_traceback` (String) Error traceback
- `floating_ips` (Set of String) Floating ips
- `id` (String) Openstack Port UUID (used as Terraform ID)
- `modified` (String) Modified
- `network_name` (String) Name of the network
- `network_uuid` (String) UUID of the network
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type
- `state` (String) State
- `status` (String) Port status in OpenStack (e.g. ACTIVE, DOWN)
- `tenant` (String) OpenStack tenant this port belongs to
- `tenant_name` (String) Name of the tenant
- `tenant_uuid` (String) UUID of the tenant
- `url` (String) Url

<a id="nestedatt--allowed_address_pairs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allowed_address_pairs`

Optional:

- `ip_address` (String) Ip address
- `mac_address` (String) Mac address


<a id="nestedatt--fixed_ips"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fixed_ips`

Required:

- `ip_address` (String) IP address to assign to the port
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet in which to assign the IP address


<a id="nestedatt--security_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_groups`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Openstack Port

Read-Only:

- `url` (String) Url
- `uuid` (String) UUID of the Openstack Port


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
