---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "waldur_openstack_subnet Resource - waldur"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Openstack Subnet resource
---

# waldur_openstack_subnet (Resource)

Openstack Subnet resource



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Openstack Subnet
- `network` (String) Network to which this subnet belongs

### Optional

- `allocation_pools` (Attributes List) Allocation pools (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--allocation_pools))
- `cidr` (String) Cidr
- `description` (String) Description of the Openstack Subnet
- `disable_gateway` (Boolean) If True, no gateway IP address will be allocated
- `dns_nameservers` (List of String) Dns nameservers
- `gateway_ip` (String) IP address of the gateway for this subnet
- `host_routes` (Attributes List) Host routes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--host_routes))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `backend_id` (String) ID of the backend
- `customer` (String) Customer
- `enable_dhcp` (Boolean) If True, DHCP service will be enabled on this subnet
- `error_message` (String) Error message
- `error_traceback` (String) Error traceback
- `id` (String) Openstack Subnet UUID (used as Terraform ID)
- `ip_version` (Number) IP protocol version (4 or 6)
- `is_connected` (Boolean) Is subnet connected to the default tenant router.
- `marketplace_resource_uuid` (String) UUID of the marketplace resource
- `network_name` (String) Name of the network
- `project` (String) Project
- `resource_type` (String) Resource type
- `state` (String) State
- `tenant` (String) Tenant
- `tenant_name` (String) Name of the tenant
- `url` (String) Url

<a id="nestedatt--allocation_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `allocation_pools`

Required:

- `end` (String) An IPv4 or IPv6 address.
- `start` (String) An IPv4 or IPv6 address.


<a id="nestedatt--host_routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `host_routes`

Required:

- `destination` (String) Destination
- `nexthop` (String) An IPv4 or IPv6 address.


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
